Distinguish between genuine typoes and old configuration that could be cleaned in configuration warning (#6824)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2/2.14/full.rst

  Closes #6624

> * Deleted messages that do not exists anymore in pylint now raise ``useless-option-value`` instead of ``bad-option-value``
>   which permit to distinguish between genuine typoes and old configuration that could be cleaned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deleted messages that do not exist anymore in pylint now raise ``useless-option-value`` instead of ``bad-option-value``,
  which permit to distinguish between genuine typos and old configuration that could be cleaned.
```
